it has been fun I've enjoyed doing it
I've learned a ton of stuff and I want
to thank everybody that's been tuning in
a month it's been quite an experience
and it's been kind of a challenge
because in reality I pretty much do the
flight of myself I have one part-time
instructor and virtually no office help
and so I pretty much do everything
myself so it's been a pretty big feat
trying to keep the aircraft going
getting it for maintenance fly with
students do the marketing do the videos
do the editing so and so forth so it's
really been cool and I want to end with
the three key terms for learning to fly
helicopters and three key terms for
perfecting your maneuvers and all the
things that you're going to do in the
aircraft and that is smooth control
inputs remember those three words every
single thing we do in the helicopter is
smooth control inputs there's never any
reason of any kind to jerk any of the
controls abruptly in the helicopter even
the emergency stuff we do everything
that we do is nice and smooth example
quick steps I've had one of my
instructors early on said you know we
should probably call them slow stop not
sure not call them quick stop because
that gives you the impression that you
gotta yank the cyclic back and trick the
collective around and and that's not the
case the the true trick to learn it to
fly these things is smoothing control
smooth control inputs and that's like
the quick stuff even though it's your
quickly slick d accelerating the
helicopter the control inputs should
still be smooth and when it comes to
learning to fly and learning to hover we
got little video here in the background
and just kind of showing you what a
typical person does when they start
learning to fly
they're all over the place and that's
natural everybody does it but if you can
start out remembering hey I know that
I'm going to over control this thing I'm
going to get a monster grip I'm going to
forget to breathe you've got to kind of
psych yourself up and just say you know
I know these are the things I'm going to
do but I'm going to work really hard of
fighting those off so really the trick
to get through the training it's not
even a trick to save yourself some money
and some headache and heartache just go
in with the attitude that I have to use
smooth control inputs that those really
are the three key terms and I've thought
that for many years I should just wear
something on my around my neck hanging
off my chest that says smooth control
inputs because that's what people have
so much trouble with is just learning
that debt light touch and those smooth
smooth gentle movements we joke all the
time about use the Force Luke and one of
my students has his Yoda tree out here
when he's trying to have refined his
Yoda tree and we have a lot of fun with
that because it's truly what they say
sometimes it's more like you're willing
it to move than actually moving it so
hope you enjoy the video we have here
and and please keep tuning in and one
more announcement since we're here at
the end helicopter ground com I wanted
to be live februari one well with this
whole month of doing these videos it's
helped me up just a little bit but it is
being built and now that I won't be
shooting one of these every day and
worry about this I really and truly have
a plan on being live by the 15th
probably even sooner but we're going to
really start putting the pressure on it
and getting that thing live and it's
going to be cool so
stay tuned for that and hopefully some
of you will want to sign up for that and
check it out and and I'll be looking for
comments and feedback as always because
it's going to be my first run at
designing this and and get it up and
running and I'm going to continue to
work on it it's going to be a continual
operation where I'm not just going to
throw up some stuff and then just leave
it stagnant I'm going to continue to
build on it improve things improve the
videos we've got all kinds of tools that
we're using to make demonstrations on
different things so so it should be
really cool so please click the like
button as always and thanks everybody
for joining in and watching my videos
and and tuning in it's been a it's been
a fun deal and I really appreciate it so
keep tuning in and we'll see you all
very soon thanks
you